okay I know it's only been four days on
this pier but this is the sediment
bottles which this is the very last that
came out of the bubbling bucket so if
this is nasty I'm just going to pour it
out so this is no big deal I'm sure it's
not carbonated like it's supposed to be
but let's see some carbonation in there
it's like I said there's there's a
little bit of termination on the top and
there's some there but like I said the
glass is a little hazy let's see it's
actually very very clear it's really
nice and clear beer this beers are only
four days old in the bottle it said I
I'm not expecting great things out of
this right now so does smell good though
I think by the time this gets done
carbonating and doing its thing this is
gonna be really really good
it's roasty
it's got the roasty to it and I could
taste it's like some chocolate in there
it does got the green the green beer
must have a good hop bite to it I mean
it's not so cuz I'm not a real big hop
head so I mean it's not so happy that
I'm not gonna be able to drink it but
here's hoppy it's good just Mountain
smells really good and this is the deer
drool so this is the Moose drool clone
um I actually got the recipe off the
internet I can't remember exactly where
was I found it it's like said this is
this is a stuff that was left out
overnight and it is it's really nice and
clear beard so I know when this actually
gets to the hole two or three weeks in
the bottle that business this is gonna
be some awesome stuff anyway let's go
onto the next beer these smoked porter